# INDIGO BLUCHIP PROGRAM – TERMS & CONDITIONS

## 1. Membership Agreement

1.1 IndiGo BluChip Program is a loyalty program owned and managed by InterGlobe Aviation Limited (“ IndiGo”).
1.2 The Terms and Conditions ( defined hereinafter) encapsulated hereinafter in this membership agreement (" Membership Agreement” or “ Agreement”) shall govern the relationship between IndiGo and each individual enrolled in the IndiGo BluChip Program.
1.3 Participation in the IndiGo BluChip Program by a Member is subject to these Terms and Conditions. IndiGo, in its sole discretion, may amend/modify these Terms and Conditions, with or without notice, in accordance with the terms set out hereinafter.
1.4 It is each Member’s responsibility to read and understand the Terms and Conditions before undertaking participation in the IndiGo BluChip Program.
1.5 The Terms and Conditions affect a Member's rights as a Member of the IndiGo BluChip Program. These must be read before a Member quotes his / her Membership ID to IndiGo or any IndiGo BluChip Program Partner. Applying for Membership or quoting the Membership ID to IndiGo or any IndiGo BluChip Program Partner is considered an acceptance of these Terms and Conditions.
1.6 These Terms and Conditions are in addition to, and not in derogation to, all IndiGo BluChip Program and IndiGo terms and conditions/conditions of carriage as available on the IndiGo website, respectively.
1.7 This document is an electronic record in terms of the Information Technology Act, 2000, the Rules thereunder as applicable, and the amended provisions pertaining to electronic records in various statutes as amended by the Information Technology Act, 2000. This electronic record is generated by a computer system and does not require any physical or digital signatures.
1.8 Capitalised terms used throughout the agreement shall have their respective meanings ascribed to them in the manner as provided in clause 2 ( Definitions) of the Agreement.

## 2. Definitions

Unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise defined or provided for herein, capitalized words and expressions used herein but not specifically defined shall have the same meaning as attributed to them in the following manner:
2.1 **“6E Codeshare Flight(s)” or “Codeshare Flight(s)”** refers to flights marketed by IndiGo, bearing flight numbers starting with the airline code 6E and operated by a partner airline bearing a different airline code.
2.2 **“6E Fare Hold”** refers to a feature that allows passengers to hold a flight reservation at a specific price for a limited time (48 or 72 hours) by paying a specified fee, instead of buying the ticket immediately. This gives prospective passengers time to finalize their plans before making a purchase.
2.3 **“6E Flight(s)”** or IndiGo Flight(s)” means flights marketed and operated by IndiGo and bearing flight numbers starting with the airline code 6E.
2.4 **“6EMeal Voucher”** refers to vouchers/ specialized services offered by IndiGo, which provides an individual the option to choose an in-flight snack at a discounted price. The 6E Meal Voucher shall be utilized in the manner set out in the Terms and Conditions.
2.5 **“6E Prime”** refers to a specialized service offered by IndiGo that provides an individual with a combination of products and services viz. seat, snack, IndiGo Fast Forward service, or any such products and services under the 6E Prime offering. 6E Prime shall be utilized in the manner set out in the Terms and Conditions.
2.6 **“Accrual Activity” or “Earn Activity”** refers to such activities/transactions in relation to IndiGo or an IndiGo BluChip Program Partner or for any such activity as per the Terms and Conditions, for which the entire payment has been made in cash, through a credit card, or through any other payment services, except by way of redemption of IndiGo BluChips for such payment, either in full or in part thereof. The product/ service should have been availed and utilized by the Member, and such Member shall have been awarded IndiGo BluChips by virtue of the utilization of such product/ service. Where such a product/ service has been returned by the Member and for which the Member would have received a refund, in full or in part, or any other form of compensation by IndiGo or an IndiGo BluChip Program Partner, such activities/transactions pertaining to the returned product/service will not qualify as an Accrual Activity or an Earn Activity. These activities/transactions usually pertain to any product/service provided by IndiGo or an IndiGo BluChip Program Partner, which is utilized by a Member in accordance with the Terms and Conditions.
2.7 **“Applicable Law(s)”** means any applicable law, statute, bye-law, regulation, order, regulatory policy (including any requirement or notice of any regulatory body), guidance or industry code of practice, rule of court, or directives, delegated or subordinate legislation in force from time to time.
2.8 **“Award” or “Redemption” or “Burn”** refers to such activity that results in the utilization of IndiGo BluChips, in full, in a ratio of IndiGo BluChips, or in the form of payment tender, by a Member for booking flight tickets or ancillaries/add-ons or for any other product and services of IndiGo or of any IndiGo BluChip Program Partners, where such product/ service has been availed and utilized by the Member in accordance with the Terms and Conditions.
2.9 **“Base Fare”** shall refer to such portion of the fare of a 6E Flight ticket or a 6E Codeshare Flight ticket, paid in Indian Rupees (INR) or any other fiat currency, on which IndiGo BluChips may be accrued. Base Fare is calculated as the sum of the base fare of a ticket and the fuel surcharge (YQ) payable.
2.10 **“Base IndiGo BluChips”** refer to the standard minimum earning of IndiGo BluChips for an Accrual Activity in relation to IndiGo or to an IndiGo BluChip Program Partner.
2.11 **“Bonus IndiGo BluChips”** refer to additional IndiGo BluChips earned by a Member over and above the Base IndiGo BluChips earned for an Accrual Activity, or any other activity as determined by the Program.
2.12 **“Business Day”** shall refer to any day other than a Saturday, Sunday, or public holiday in New Delhi, India.
2.13 **“Channel Bonus IndiGo BluChips”** refers to such additional IndiGo BluChips earned by a Member over and above the Base IndiGo BluChips for bookings done on the IndiGo Website / IndiGo Mobile App. Channel Bonus IndiGo BluChips are calculated as a percentage (%) of the Base IndiGo BluChips accrued by the Member on booking 6E Flights or 6E Codeshare Flights.
2.14 **“Co-brand CardApplicant”** refers to a Member who applies for the IndiGo BluChip Program Partner’s Co-brand Card through IndiGo’s channels or the bank partner’s website and their associated channels.
2.15 **“Co-brand Card”** means a co-branded card issued to a Member by an IndiGo bank partner who is an IndiGo BluChip Program Partner, where such card represents the marks of both IndiGo and the pertinent IndiGo BluChip Program Partner.
2.16 **“Co-brand Free Flight voucher” or “ Free Flight voucher”** are IndiGo flight vouchers issued to IndiGo BluChip Members against their Co-brand Card, upon payment of the applicable joining/annual renewal fees or upon completion of any other criteria as per the Terms and Conditions. These vouchers can be redeemed only on the IndiGo website and/or IndiGo Mobile App by a Member and/ or their Nominee against the value of the Base Fare of the ticket.
2.17 **“Data”** means and refers to such information that is personal to a Member and has been provided by such Member to IndiGo at the time of enrolment into the Program or on account of the Member’s transactions and interactions with the Program or the IndiGo BluChip Program Partners, and which can be used by IndiGo or the IndiGo BluChip Program Partners to offer products/ services under the IndiGo BluChip Program.
2.18 **“Fraud” or “Fraudulent Activity(ies)”** for the purpose of these Terms and Conditions shall mean fraud, dishonesty, deceit, or the commitment of any of the following:
- Knowingly supplying incorrect information, digitally or otherwise, including at the time of booking flight on the IndiGo Website/ IndiGo Mobile App, s and/or on the website of the IndiGo BluChip Program Partner, to earn IndiGo BluChips.
- Attempting to earn IndiGo BluChips for Sectors that have not been flown or for activities that are not eligible to earn IndiGo BluChips as per the Terms and Conditions.
- Altering any Program Partner documents to procure IndiGo BluChips.
- Attempting to earn IndiGo BluChips for 6E Flights or 6E Codeshare Flights flown by any person other than the Member.
- Unauthorized creation of an IndiGo BluChip Membership Account in the name of an individual (by way of identity theft).
- The accrual/ redemption of IndiGo BluChips or Tier Benefits, or carrying out any activities in connection with the Program, by making use of an unauthorized IndiGo BluChip Membership Account, or an IndiGo BluChip Membership Account which does not belong to the user.
- Unauthorized access of another Member's IndiGo BluChip Membership Account for the purpose of carrying out any activity whatsoever.
- Using or attempting to use stolen or counterfeit tickets or invoices to earn or attempt to earn IndiGo BluChips.
- Attempting to earn IndiGo BluChips more than once for the same 6E Flight or 6E Codeshare Flight or a flight operated by a Program Partner.
- Selling, bartering and/or purchasing, by any means, IndiGo BluChips, Co-Brand Free Flight Vouchers, 6E Prime, 6E Meal Voucher, Tier Benefits, flight tickets of a 6E Flight/ 6E Codeshare Flight/ flight operated by a Program Partner procured through Redemption, and/or any other product/service procured through Redemption.
- Misusing the Program benefits available to certain tiers e.g. Tier based discounts on select IndiGo add-ons/ ancillaries or usage of 6E Prime or 6E Meal Voucher in contravention to the IndiGo add-on/ ancillary product's terms and condition of usage, Terms and Conditions, or the Program Partner's policies, terms and/or procedures governing such services/ offers/ benefits.
- Knowingly benefiting from the Fraud or misconduct of another Member or individual.
- Committing unauthorized systematic retrieval of data or other content from the Platform to create or compile, directly or indirectly, a collection, compilation, database, or directory of information relating to the Members enrolled with the Program, or of any information in relation to the Program and/or the Program Partners, without the written permission of IndiGo.
- Make any unauthorized use of the Program, including without limitation collecting usernames and/or email addresses of Members by electronic or other means for the purpose of sending unsolicited emails, or creating fake IndiGo BluChip Membership Account(s) either by knowingly providing false/incorrect information, or by providing correct information but without the knowledge and consent of the individual to whom this information pertains,.
- Using a buying agent or purchasing agent to make purchases in the Program.
- Circumvent, disable, or otherwise interfere with the security and related features of the Program and it’s hosting software applications (hereinafter referred to as “Platform”), including such features that prevent or restrict the use or copying of any content, or which enforce limitations on the use of the Platform and/or the content contained therein.
- Engage in the unauthorized framing of or linking to the Program and it’s Platform.
- Trick, defraud, or mislead the Program and its Members, especially in an attempt to learn sensitive account information such as account passwords, etc.
- Make improper use of the IndiGo BluChip support services, or submit false reports of abuse or misconduct.
- Engage in any automated use of the Program/ Platform, such as using scripts to send comments or messages, or using any data mining tools, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools;
- Interfere with, disrupt, or create an undue burden on the Platform, or the networks or services connected to the Platform;
- Sell or otherwise transfer one’s IndiGo BluChip Program Membership by any means in contravention of the Terms and Conditions;
- Use any information obtained from the Platform to harass, abuse, or harm another person;
- Use the Platform as part of any effort to compete with the Program or otherwise use the Platform and/or the content therein for any revenue-generating endeavour or commercial enterprise;
- Decipher, decompile, disassemble, or reverse engineer any of the software comprising or in any way making up a part of the Platform;
- Attempt to bypass any measures of the Platform designed to prevent or restrict access to the Platform, or any portion of the Platform;
- Copy or modify the Platform’s software;
- Upload or transmit (or attempt to upload or to transmit) any computer viruses, trojan horse, malware, or other harmful and unauthorized material to the Platform, including excessive use of capital letters and spamming (continuous posting of repetitive text), that interferes with the uninterrupted use and enjoyment of the Platform, or modifies, impairs, disrupts, alters, or interferes with the use, features, functions, operations, or maintenance of the Platform;
- Upload or transmit (or attempt to upload or to transmit) any material that acts as a passive or active information collection or transmission mechanism, including without limitation, clear graphics interchange formats (GIFs), 1×1 pixels, web bugs, cookies, or other similar devices (sometimes referred to as “spyware” or “passive collection mechanisms” or “PCMS”);
- Except as may be the result of standard search engine or internet browser usage, use, launch, development, or distribution of any automated system, including without limitation, any spider, robot, cheat utility, scraper, or offline reader that can access the Platform, or using or launching any unauthorized script or other software on the Platform; or
- Using the Program or the Platform in a manner inconsistent with Applicable Laws or regulations and the Terms and Conditions.
- Members may email IndiGo BluChip support team at customer.experience@goindigo.in. to report instances of Fraud or resolve their other queries.
2.19 **"Indemnified Party(ies)”** means IndiGo, IndiGo BluChip Program Partners and service providers involved with the Program, and their respective affiliates, directors, employees, representatives, and agents.
2.20 **“IndiGo BluChip Program” or “Program”** means the IndiGo BluChip loyalty program, managed and operated by IndiGo, offering benefits, facilities, or arrangements to IndiGo BluChip Members by reason of their Membership into the IndiGo BluChip Program, whereby IndiGo BluChips are accumulated by virtue of the Member making such transactions that qualify as Accrual Activities (or such other activities/transactions that qualify for the accrual of IndiGo BluChips, as determined by the Program). As part of the Program, each Member is assigned a Tier basis the Tier Qualification Criteria. The IndiGo BluChips/ Tier Benefits may be redeemed by a Member in exchange for any other offer/arrangement/privilege, as applicable, and as set out in these Terms and Conditions.
2.21 **“IndiGo BluChip Membership Account” or “IndiGo BluChip Account”** refers to a unique account created for each Member during their (online/offline) enrolment in the Program. This IndiGo BluChip Account is where IndiGo BluChips are credited against Accrual Activities, Tier status is assigned, Tier Benefits are awarded, and where IndiGo BluChips or Tier Benefits can be redeemed for Redemption Activities or for such other activities as per the Terms and Conditions.
2.22 **“IndiGo BluChip Member(s)” or “Member(s)”** means an individual who is enrolled as a member of the Program using their unique Mobile Number and unique Email ID and holds a valid IndiGo BluChip Account.
2.23 **“IndiGo BluChip(s)” or “BluChip(s)"** is the unit currency of the Program. IndiGo BluChip Members are awarded IndiGo BluChips for any eligible Accrual Activity or any other activity as per the Terms and Conditions, carried out by the Member pertaining to products/ services/ offers provided by IndiGo and/or its IndiGo BluChip Program Partners associated with the IndiGo BluChip Program.
2.24 **“IndiGo BluChip Program Partner” or “Program Partner”** means any and all airlines, banks, hotels, restaurants, car rental companies, retail stores, financial services providers, and other establishments that have partnered with IndiGo to offer their respective products/ services to the Members as part of the Program. Where any Data is shared with such IndiGo BluChip Program Partner, it is understood that the Data is made available to such IndiGo BluChip Program Partner’s respective employees and/or communication partners to provide personalized offers to the Members.
2.25 **“IndiGo Website” or “IndiGo Mobile App”** shall refer to the www.goindigo.in website or mobile application where the IndiGo BluChip Program details are reflected, and a Member can log in to their respective IndiGo BluChip Account.
2.26 **“IndiGo BluChipMembership ID” or “IndiGo BluChip Membership No.” or “IndiGo BluChip ID” or “Membership ID” or “IndiGo BluChip No.”** refers to a 9-digit unique identifier number provided to an IndiGo BluChip Member at the time of enrolment. This Membership ID is associated with and is unique to each Member’s IndiGo BluChip Membership Account.
2.27 **“Losses” or “Loss”** means any damages, charges, liabilities, claims, demands, actions, suits, proceedings, payments, judgments, settlements, awards, assessments, deficiencies, interest, penalties and costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' and consultants' fees and expenses) imposed on, sustained, incurred or suffered by, or asserted against, the Indemnified Parties (whether in respect of third party claims, claims between IndiGo and Member, or otherwise) provided that “Loss” shall not include indirect, consequential, special, punitive or exemplary losses.
2.28 **“Membership”** refers to membership of a Member to the IndiGo BluChip Program.
2.29 **“NMOVE”** means the change fees paid by the Member to modify their 6E Flights or 6E Codeshare Flights.
2.30 **“Nominee”** means any person who has been nominated by the Member and is a minimum of 2 (Two) years of age at the time of enrollment as a Nominee, and those who can enjoy the benefits of the Program as per the Terms and Conditions.
2.31 **“Plan B”** refers to the facility offered by IndiGo wherein if any passenger’s flight is cancelled or rescheduled from IndiGo’s end, such passenger can change the time and/or date of the flight or cancel and process refund, at no additional cost.
2.32 **“Plan B Policy”** refers to the terms and conditions that governs the Plan B facility, and the manner in which it may be availed.
2.33 **“Promotional Activities”** shall include, but will not be limited to the promotion and/or marketing of the Program, IndiGo BluChips, loyalty benefits through television, press magazine, direct mailers, direct solicitation, take-ones, displays, hoardings, web-based activities, mobile device solutions, and/or any other means that may be made available to promote, but will not be limited to IndiGo BluChip, its Program Partners, its promotion and media partners, or its vendors.
2.34 **“Qualifying Charge”** refers to such charges or expenses, with respect to: (a) the Base Fare, or (b) select 6E Add-ons, or (c) any additional charge as determined by a Program Partner, that a Member incurs on undertaking any Accrual Activity.
2.35 **“Qualifying Flights”** means such 6E Flight or 6E Codeshare Flight for which the Member has undertaken a Qualifying Spend(s) or a Qualifying Charge and, upon completion of such a flight, earns IndiGo BluChips. These Qualifying Flights are considered eligible to be counted towards the calculation for evaluation of a Member’s Tier status. Qualifying Flights undertaken in a period of 365 (Three Hundred Sixty-Five) consecutive days are considered for Tier review. Qualifying Flights undertaken by a Member will be calculated on the basis of the Base Fare of the relevant 6E Flight or 6E Codeshare Flight.
2.36 **“Qualifying Spend(s)” or “Spend(s)”** means such amount, in Indian Rupees (INR) or in any other fiat currency, not including spends or redemption of IndiGo BluChips whether in full, or by way of part cash and part IndiGo BluChips, spent by the Member exclusively towards the Base Fare each time they undertake a Qualifying Charge. These Spends are considered eligible to be counted for calculation to evaluate a Member’s Tier status. Spends incurred in a period of 365 (Three Hundred Sixty-Five) consecutive days are considered for Tier review. Spends accrued by a Member will be calculated on the Base Fare of the relevant 6E Flight or 6E Codeshare Flight.
2.37 **“Revenue Flights”** means such 6E Flight or 6E Codeshare Flight on which a Member incurs a Qualifying Spend, and where the complete payment for booking the flight is made using Cash, Debit or Credit Card, Net Banking or Wallets, etc. IndiGo BluChips cannot be redeemed to book such flights.
2.38 **“Sector”** refers to a single non-stop journey on an airline between two destinations and on the same flight number, e.g., Delhi – Mumbai. A return flight between Delhi and Mumbai would mean 2 (two) Sectors.
2.39 **“Tier”** means a level of membership of the IndiGo BluChip Program attained by the Member upon enrolment into the Program or upon completion of the review of the Tier status basis the Tier Qualification Criteria, and by virtue of which a Member is entitled to Tier Benefits.
2.40 **“Tier Benefits” or “Benefits”** means and refers to the Tier Bonus IndiGo BluChips, 6E Prime, and discounts on select 6E Add-ons available to a Member as a result of the Member belonging to a particular Tier.
2.41 **“Tier Bonus IndiGo BluChips”** means the additional number of IndiGo BluChips awarded to Members by virtue of them being a Blu 2 or Blu 1 Tier Member, in addition to the Base IndiGo BluChips accrued by them pursuant to Accrual Activities. Tier Bonus IndiGo BluChips is calculated as a percentage (%) of the Base IndiGo BluChips accrued by the Member on 6E Flights or 6E Codeshare Flights.
2.42 **“Tier Qualification Criteria”** means the criteria set out in the Terms and Conditions, including considering the Qualifying Spends accrued and the number of Qualifying Flights taken by a Member, basis which a Member shall be entitled to the relevant Tier in the Program.
2.43 **“Tier Review Period”** means a period of 365 consecutive days preceding the date of review of the Tier status. The Tier Review Period is specific to each Member and is considered to determine whether a Member will be able to retain their current Tier status or attain a new Tier status. Where the Member has held their Membership for a period less than 365 days, the Tier Review Period refers to the period starting from the date of the Member’s enrolment into the Program till the date of review of the Tier status. Where the Member has held their Membership for a period of 365 Days or more, the Tier Review Period refers to the preceding period of 365 consecutive days from the date on which the Member last attained/retained a Tier status. Qualifying Spends accrued and Qualifying Flights undertaken during the Tier Review Period shall count towards a Member’s ability to upgrade to a higher Tier status or retention of the existing Tier status, as per the requirement of the relevant Tier. Inability to fulfill the Tier Qualification Criteria will result in the Member’s Tier getting downgraded to the next lower Tier.
2.44 **“Tier Validity Period”** refers to the 12 (Twelve) month period for which the Tier and Tier Benefits are valid starting from the date on which a Member attains or retains a Tier status in the Program.
2.45 **“Terms and Conditions”** refer to the terms and conditions that govern the IndiGo BluChip Program, as provided in this Membership Agreement and which may be amended from time to time.

## 3. Membership

3.1 Membership to the IndiGo BluChip Program is a privilege extended to individuals who are enrolled with IndiGo BluChip in accordance with the Terms and Conditions and is not in lieu of any consideration.
3.2 Membership in IndiGo BluChip Program is open to individuals who are aged 18 (Eighteen) years or above at the time of submitting their application of enrolment to IndiGo BluChip Program, and who are competent to enter into a contract as per the Applicable Law.
3.3 Only individual/natural persons are eligible for Membership, and each Member can maintain only one IndiGo BluChip Membership Account. Corporations and other legal entities cannot be enrolled as Members. Enrollment of several persons in a single account and multiple enrolments by a single person are not allowed.
3.4 IndiGo BluChip Program Membership is not transferable to any other individual, incorporated entity, trust, or any other person except in the manner specified in these Terms and Conditions.
3.5 Membership to IndiGo BluChip Program entitles the Member to accrue IndiGo BluChips for activities only undertaken by the Member and not on those activities undertaken by the Nominee of the Member.
3.6 IndiGo BluChip Program Membership is valid for the lifetime of the Member unless terminated in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
3.7 The Member agrees that: (a) by participating in the IndiGo BluChip Program, or (b) making use of any of the offers or privileges provided by any of the IndiGo BluChip Program Partners, or (c) as long as there is Accrual Activity on the IndiGo BluChip Membership Account, or (d) by Redemption of IndiGo BluChips, or (e) by virtue of the IndiGo BluChip Membership Account not being deactivated (each of (a), (b), (c), (d), and (e) to be hereinafter construed as “Continued Participation”), such Member consents to the Terms and Conditions of the IndiGo BluChip Program, and as it may be amended from time to time at the sole discretion of IndiGo.
3.8 IndiGo reserves the right to modify/change these Terms and Conditions at its sole discretion. Such changes shall be deemed effective immediately upon uploading them on the IndiGo Website or IndiGo Mobile App. A Member's Continued Participation in the Program following the upload of the modified Terms and Conditions will be regarded as acceptance of the current Terms and Conditions by such Members.
3.9 The Member agrees that by using their Membership ID at the IndiGo Website or IndiGo Mobile App or by participating in the IndiGo BluChip Program in any manner, he/she consents to being contacted by IndiGo or the IndiGo BluChip Program Partners by means of SMS, Email, WhatsApp, social media campaigns, etc. in the manner set out in these Terms and Conditions.
3.10 Member must quote his/ her Membership ID and name as mentioned on his/her IndiGo BluChip Account when booking and checking in for flights with IndiGo and/ or using the services of an IndiGo BluChip Program Partner. Failure by a Member to provide the required Membership information accurately when making such bookings or availing such services may result in the applicable IndiGo BluChips not being credited to the IndiGo BluChip Account, and IndiGo or its IndiGo BluChip Program Partner will not be responsible in this regard.
3.11 The IndiGo BluChip Membership Account or IndiGo BluChips are not a payment medium or payment instrument and cannot be exchanged for cash or any other form of payment tender.
3.12 If benefits, facilities, or arrangements are provided or made available to a Member as a result of his / her IndiGo BluChip Program Membership, whether these are provided by IndiGo or by any other IndiGo BluChip Program Partner, such a Member will be personally liable for any and all costs, taxes, surcharges, fees, charges, claims or liabilities of whatever nature arising from the provision or availability or usage of such benefits, facilities or arrangements.
3.13 The IndiGo BluChip Program Membership and all the associated accounts thereof at all times remain the property of IndiGo, and IndiGo reserves the right at all times in its absolute discretion and without giving notice to any person, to refuse to grant Membership, to revoke Membership, or refuse or withdraw an upgrade (as applicable) to any Tier of Membership with or without assigning any reason thereof and without having any liability fastened to IndiGo or IndiGo BluChip.
3.14 While IndiGo BluChip will endeavor to ensure that the services, benefits, facilities, and arrangements as expressed or advertised by IndiGo and any IndiGo BluChip Program Partner are made available to the Members, IndiGo does not warrant the same in any manner and will not be liable for any loss or damage, whether direct or indirect, arising from the provision or non-provision, whether whole or in part, of any such information, services, benefits, facilities or arrangements.
3.15 When a Member seeks to use or obtain any of the services, benefits, facilities or arrangements offered, the provision of such services, benefits, facilities or arrangements will be subject to the respective terms and conditions of the respective IndiGo BluChip Program Partner providing the said benefits, facilities or arrangements and IndiGo does not warrant, endorse, guarantee or assume responsibility for any such services, benefits, facilities or arrangements offered by an IndiGo BluChip Program Partner to the Members.
3.16 IndiGo reserves the right to modify/terminate the IndiGo BluChip Program at any time in its sole discretion. IndiGo BluChip shall endeavour to give reasonable notice of such change/termination to the existing Members, where such change/termination may have an adverse effect on the Members, by way of publishing the same on the IndiGo Website or by such means as may be determined by IndiGo in its sole discretion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, where such advance notice has not been provided, or any Member remains unaware of the change in the IndiGo BluChip Program, IndiGo disclaims any liability, of whatever nature, arising from such change/termination of the IndiGo BluChip Program, or any of the facilities, benefits or arrangements which are made available to the Members, including, without limitation, withdrawal of any IndiGo BluChip Program Partner or the withdrawal or limiting of any services, benefits, or facilities offered by any IndiGo BluChip Program Partner.
3.17 Where IndiGo may have provided a waiver in relation to any provision under the Terms and Conditions, such waiver shall not be construed as a continuing waiver and shall only apply to the specific provision (whole or part thereof, as stipulated) and the specific circumstances to which the waiver is directed, and only within the timelines as may be stipulated in such waiver.
3.18 Members can cancel their Membership at any time by submitting the appropriate written notification via an email to IndiGo via the IndiGo customer care email ID, through their registered email ID. At the time of such cancellation, any outstanding IndiGo BluChips, benefits, and privileges will be withdrawn and shall stand cancelled. Any such termination shall not relieve the Member of any continuing obligations such as negative balance, etc., under these Terms and Conditions.
3.19 Membership and participation in IndiGo BluChip Program is not mandatory. However, if an individual is seeking a particular service/offer/privilege that is offered as part of the IndiGo BluChip Program or offered by an IndiGo BluChip Program Partner in partnership with IndiGo, then it is mandatory for such an individual to be enrolled with IndiGo BluChip Program to avail of such service/offer/privilege.
3.20 IndiGo reserves the right to enroll only such individuals in its Membership who reside in certain countries and/or regions. Such countries and or regions are subject to change at IndiGo’s sole discretion; however, reasonable advance notice will be given in circumstances where the removal of a country and/or region will affect the Membership of existing Members by publishing the same on the IndiGo Website or by such means as may be determined by IndiGo in its sole discretion.
3.21 Members must not act in any way which breaches these Terms and Conditions, indulge in any Fraudulent Activity, or abuse or misuse any benefits, facilities, services, arrangements, etc., accorded to the Member because of their Membership, including without limitation, by:
3.22 knowingly supplying or attempting to supply false, incorrect, or misleading information, digitally or otherwise, whether in regard to themselves or otherwise, or making a misrepresentation to IndiGo or any of its IndiGo BluChip Program Partners at any time,
3.23 altering any document, using or attempting to use stolen or counterfeit tickets or invoices to procure IndiGo BluChips,
3.24 accessing or attempting to access another Member’s IndiGo BluChip Account for the purpose of carrying out any unauthorized activities,
3.25 selling, bartering, purchasing or misusing any Awards, Tier Benefits, etc., including attempting to sell or purchase IndiGo BluChips by any means,
3.26 Attempting to benefit through the creation of multiple identities and multiple IndiGo BluChip Membership Accounts, and where it has been adequately established by IndiGo that all such accounts pertain to a singular individual in an attempt to defraud the IndiGo BluChip Program, or
3.27 Attempting to accrue IndiGo BluChips for such activities which are not Accrual Activities, or
3.28 Attempting to accrue IndiGo BluChips or utilize the benefits/ services/ offers/arrangements in any manner that is not in accordance with the Terms and Conditions, or
3.29 Knowingly benefitting from the Fraudulent Activities or misconduct of another Member in relation to the IndiGo BluChip Program.
3.30 Only the Member themselves, and not the Nominee, is eligible to obtain information from the IndiGo BluChip Program relating to his/her Membership, including but not limited to Accrual Activities, Awards, etc.
3.31 The Member must ensure that he or she has the correct visa, travel documents, and inoculations (including those for infants) for travel.
3.32 Membership is offered at the discretion of IndiGo and IndiGo in its absolute discretion and without giving notice to any person to refuse to grant Membership, to revoke Membership, or refuse or withdraw an upgrade (as applicable) to any Tier of Membership or Tier Benefits of the Member’s existing Tier, with or without assigning any reason thereof. In such an instance, any unutilized IndiGo BluChips, Tier Benefits and Awards (as applicable) that may have been issued and have not been redeemed will stand revoked.
3.33 Membership and participation in the IndiGo BluChip Program (either wholly or partly) may be prohibited or restricted in certain countries. Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall be construed to override or circumvent any such foreign laws.

## 4. Enrolment

4.1 Applicants may apply to enroll in the IndiGo BluChip Program online at (goIndiGo.in) or through IndiGo’s Mobile App. Applicants may also apply to enroll in the IndiGo BluChip Program through chat option 6E SKAI, which is available on the IndiGo Website or IndiGo Mobile App. The application forms will not be processed and treated as valid unless completed correctly with all the mandatory fields filled in by the applicant.
4.2 An application to join IndiGo BluChip deems the acceptance of all the Terms and Conditions.
4.3 It is the responsibility of the individuals enrolling for Membership to the IndiGo BluChip Program to provide accurate details of and with respect to themselves, such as name, date of birth, communication address, email ID, mobile number, etc. Applications will not be considered for enrolment if any of the details provided at the time of enrolment are found to be incorrect or incomplete. Membership may, at the sole discretion of the IndiGo BluChip Program, be revoked if any such detail pertaining to a Member is found to be incorrect.
4.4 IndiGo may accept or reject any application for Membership at its absolute discretion.
4.5 Members are expected to ensure that they take appropriate care of their account details to prevent unauthorized persons from accessing their IndiGo BluChip Account and are expected to inform IndiGo immediately in writing if they become aware that someone has gained unauthorized access to their IndiGo BluChip Account details. IndiGo will not be responsible for any loss suffered by the Member on account of unauthorized access to the Member’s IndiGo BluChip Membership Account.
4.6 The IndiGo BluChip Program is designed and offered to IndiGo patrons in their individual capacities. Each individual Member can maintain only one IndiGo BluChip Account with a unique registered email and a unique registered mobile number along with their full expanded name, which is present in their proof of identity.
4.7 In the event that more than one Membership ID is assigned to the same individual (duplicate accounts), IndiGo reserves the right to merge the two accounts. In the event the same e-mail ID / mobile number is updated in more than one IndiGo BluChip Account, then all such accounts will be deactivated. Such account(s) will be activated only when the respective Member(s) amends the respective email IDs/mobile numbers. The mobile numbers and email IDs will be verified through the authentication procedure of the IndiGo BluChip Program such that each account has a unique email ID/unique mobile number recorded against the same.
4.8 A Member cannot amend their email ID / mobile number through their IndiGo BluChip Account through the IndiGo Website or IndiGo Mobile App. The Member will have to contact IndiGo at the IndiGo customer care email ID to facilitate this amendment by submitting valid government proof authenticating the identity of the Member. IndiGo may, in its sole discretion, amend the email ID / mobile number as requested by the Member only if it is satisfied of the veracity of the claim. IndiGo BluChip, however, bears no responsibility for any loss caused to the Member on account of this amendment. IndiGo is not liable for any Loss, damages, claim, or expense, including any legal costs.

## 5. Deceased Member

5.1 In the event of the death of a Member, IndiGo may, at its sole discretion, credit all or a portion of such Member's accrued IndiGo BluChips to the legal heir of such Member, where such legal heir is also a Member upon receipt of documentation satisfactory to IndiGo and payment of applicable fee, if any. Where the legal heir is not a Member, he/she shall be, at IndiGo’s sole discretion, permitted to make redemption from the deceased Member's account. Such redemption can be made within a year of the deceased Member’s demise.
5.2 The legal heir of the deceased Member may write to IndiGo at the IndiGo customer care email ID, and provide the Government issued Death Certificate, Membership ID or registered email ID of the deceased Member, Membership ID of the legal heir (as applicable) and relationship proof of legal heir with the deceased Member. IndiGo may, at its discretion, seek any other document it may deem relevant to determine the veracity of the claim/request.
5.3 In case of multiple legal heirs, IndiGo BluChips will be transferred to the legal heir's IndiGo BluChip Account whose request for transfer is first received by IndiGo at the IndiGo customer care email ID, subject always to receipt of documents satisfactory to IndiGo.
5.4 Only the IndiGo BluChips accumulated as of the date of demise of a Member will be transferred to/redeemed by his/her legal heir. All Tier Benefits, vouchers, or any other benefits associated with the IndiGo BluChip Account of the deceased Member will stand forfeited.

## 6. Updating Account Information

6.1 It is the responsibility of the Member to inform the customer care portal or email at the IndiGo customer care email ID of any correction in the Member's name and date of birth.
6.2 Requests for changes/corrections by a Member should be accompanied by supporting documentation, as may be specified at the time of making the change request, regarding name, date of birth, gender, update/correction in identity proof documents, etc.
6.3 Members may also update their address and other details (except for mobile number and email address) online by logging on to their IndiGo BluChip Account on the IndiGo Website or IndiGo Mobile App.
6.4 Members are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of their IndiGo BluChip Account, protecting and keeping their Membership and IndiGo BluChip Account information secure, including online credentials, passwords, and the Membership ID, and taking care to prevent misuse by ensuring that no unauthorized third party has access to their Membership and IndiGo BluChip Account information.
6.5 Members agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur through their IndiGo BluChip Account.
6.6 Members should take all necessary steps to ensure that the Membership ID/details, login ID, and password are kept confidential and secure. In cases of suspected wrongful access or misuse of the Membership or IndiGo BluChip Account information, Members must ensure to notify IndiGo immediately of such occurrence by calling the IndiGo customer care helpline number or writing to the IndiGo customer care email ID. IndiGo will not be responsible for any loss suffered by the Member on account of unauthorized access to the Member’s IndiGo BluChip Account. IndiGo BluChip is not liable for any Loss, damages, claim, or expense, including any legal costs.

## 7. Nominees

7.1 A Member can add up to 5 (Five) Nominees by logging into their IndiGo BluChip Account from the IndiGo website or through the IndiGo Mobile App.
7.2 A Nominee should be a minimum of 2 (Two) years of age at the time of update.
7.3 Once added, a Nominee cannot be changed for one year from the date the record was added.
7.4 A Member may change/delete a Nominee after 1 (One) year from the date of addition by logging into their IndiGo BluChip Account on the IndiGo Website or the IndiGo Mobile App.
7.5 A Nominee may or may not be an IndiGo BluChip Member in their individual capacity. Their being added as a Nominee in a particular IndiGo BluChip Account will not in any way limit their participation in the IndiGo BluChip Program in their individual capacity as a Member, or their ability to accrue or redeem IndiGo BluChips or avail the Tier Benefits as per their respective Tier.
7.6 A Member who has added another Member as a Nominee does not get access to that Member’s IndiGo BluChips balance or the Tier Benefits.
7.7 A Member cannot earn IndiGo BluChips for any Accrual Activity done by a Nominee. Earning of IndiGo BluChips is only for Member’s own Accrual Activities.
7.8 A Member can only redeem IndiGo BluChips or utilize the Tier Benefits (6E Prime and discounts on select 6E Add-ons) with respect to themself and their Nominees, and not for any other passenger.
7.9 Tier Bonus IndiGo BluChips as a result of the Member’s Tier Status can only be accrued when a Member undertakes any Qualifying Flights and/or Qualifying Spends on 6E Flights or 6E Codeshare Flights. The Tier Bonus IndiGo BluChips are calculated based on the value of the Base Fare mentioned in the PNR of the Member. Tier Bonus IndiGo BluChips cannot be accrued by a Member for any Qualifying Flight or Qualifying Charge undertaken by a Nominee or any other passenger.
7.10 IndiGo may prohibit the utilization of Tier Benefits or IndiGo BluChips for any Nominee at its discretion, when required by law, or otherwise in accordance with the Terms and Conditions.

## 8. Third-Party Communication

8.1 IndiGo may send alerts or promotional messages (including push notifications on the IndiGo Mobile App) to the registered mobile phone number or email ID provided by the Member while registering with the IndiGo BluChip Program or on any contact information subsequently provided to IndiGo.
8.2 The Member accords its explicit consent to IndiGo for sharing the personal details provided by such Member at the time of enrolment within the IndiGo BluChip Program Partner network to provide personalized offers, communication, additional benefits, etc. to the Member.
8.3 IndiGo will make best endeavors to provide alerts related to the IndiGo BluChip Program via SMS, E-mail, telemarketing, push notifications, social media, etc. to the registered mobile phone number or e-mail ID provided by the Member. IndiGo shall not be under any obligation to confirm the authenticity of the person(s) receiving the alert. IndiGo is not liable for the non-availability of the SMS/email alert/push notifications service in any manner whatsoever.
8.4 IndiGo's communication is an additional facility provided for the convenience of the Members, and it may be susceptible to error, omission, and/or inaccuracy. In the event that any error is observed in the information provided, the Member shall immediately inform IndiGo, and IndiGo will make the best possible efforts to rectify the error. IndiGo is not liable for any Loss.

## 9. Tiers and Tier Benefits

9.1 IndiGo BluChip Program offers 3 Tier status: Blu 3, Blu 2, and Blu 1. Blu 3 is the entry level Tier. Qualification to a higher Tier is based on the combination of Spends and Qualifying Flights accumulated in the Member's IndiGo BluChip Account.
9.2 Spends can be accrued only on the Base Fare of a 6E Flight or 6E Codeshare Flight ticket. For instance, if the Base Fare of a 6E Flight is INR 5000, then the Member will accrue INR 5000 Spends in their Membership Account. However, if a Member uses IndiGo BluChips or an IndiGo BluChips Voucher as part of the booking creation (full IndiGo BluChips or as IndiGo BluChips + Cash) , the cash component of such booking shall be deemed ineligible for the calculation of Spends.
9.3 Spends cannot be accrued on promotions, partner transactions, redemption flights, or partial redemption flights.
9.4 Spends cannot be redeemed or utilized and are only used to determine the Tier status.
9.5 Members must accrue a minimum of INR 100,000 Spends and take a minimum of 4 6E Flights / 6E Codeshare Flights or accrue INR 200,000 Spends and take a minimum of 8 6E Flights / 6E Codeshare Flights, where the Spends will be calculated by taking into account the Qualifying Charges on Revenue Flights, in a 12-month rolling period to upgrade and/or retain a Blu 2 or Blu 1 Tier, respectively.
9.6 The Blu 3/ Blu 2 or Blu 1 Tier status is valid for 12 months from the date of upgrade or renewal. The Blu 3 Tier status is the base status which is valid for throughout the lifetime of the Member. However, Tier Benefits associated with Blu 3 are valid for a period of 12 months from the date of issuance and will be reviewed on each anniversary of the Blu 3 Tier.
9.7 The Program will undertake a review of the Spends and Qualifying Flights, on a daily basis, for a period of preceding 365 consecutive days to determine if the IndiGo BluChip Membership Account qualifies for a Tier upgrade.
9.8 Tier status will be reviewed only once at the end of the Tier Review Period, basis the fulfillment of the Tier Qualification Criteria, to determine downgrade or retention of the Tier status of a Member.
9.9 Tier Benefits, as per the respective Tier status of a Member, are issued only to the Member upon successful completion of the Tier review.
9.10 Tier Benefits are valid only for the Tier Validity Period. Any change in the validity of the Tier status will also result in a change in the validity of the associated Tier Benefits.
9.11 When the Member cannot accumulate the required amount of Qualifying Spends and take the minimum number of Qualifying Flights to retain their respective Tier status by the end of the 12-month anniversary, they will automatically revise to a Tier status just below the current Tier. Unused Tier Benefits of the previous Tier cannot be transferred or used in the new Tier.
9.12 In case of Tier downgrade/upgrade/retain, the old Tier Benefits, if not utilized, will be purged, and the Member will get new Tier Benefits as per the downgraded/upgraded/retained Tier.
9.13 Tier Benefits in the IndiGo BluChip Program are for use only within the Tier Validity Period.
9.14 Tier Benefit of Tier Bonus IndiGo BluChips as a result of the Member’s Tier status is accrued only for Qualifying Flights and Qualifying Spends on 6E Flights or 6E Codeshare Flights taken by the Member.
9.15 Tier Bonus IndiGo BluChips will be credited to the Member’s Account basis the Tier of the Member on the date of the recording of the Accrual Activity in the Member’s Account.
9.16 Tier Benefits, associated benefits, the value of 6E Prime and discounts on select 6E Add-ons will be as per the Tier status of the Member on the day of the booking and not as per the Tier status on the day of the actual travel.
9.17 Tier Benefits utilization in a scenario where a Member has made a booking, either for self or Nominee, on IndiGo for a travel at a future date and has used 6E Prime or discounts on select 6E Add-ons as a part of Tier Benefits, and the Tier of the Member undergoes a change (upgrade/downgrade) prior to the date of travel, the booking will continue to retain the Tier Benefits as applied to the booking as on the date of the booking. The change in Tier status will not result in the Member getting higher / lower Add-on discounts as applicable for the revised Tier due to change in the Tier Status.
9.18 Tier Benefits utilization in a scenario where a Member has made a booking, either for self or Nominee, on IndiGo for a travel at a future date and has used the 6E Prime or discounts on select 6E Add-ons as a part of Tier Benefits, and the Tier of the Member undergoes a change (upgrade/downgrade) and the Member cancels, splits or modifies his/her booking then the Tier Benefits applied to the booking will not get redeposited to the Tier and will get purged. Member will then have access only to the Tier Benefits applicable as per the revised Tier.
9.19 Tier Benefits utilization in a scenario where a Member has made a booking, either for self or Nominee, on IndiGo for a travel at a future date and has used the 6E Prime or discounts on select 6E Add-ons as a part of Tier Benefits, and the Tier of the Member undergoes a change (upgrade/downgrade) and the Member splits or modifies his/her booking and the new booking is beyond the validity of the Tier Benefits originally applied to the booking, then such Tier Benefits applied to the booking will not get applied to the modified booking and will get purged. Member will then have access only to the Tier Benefits applicable as per the revised Tier or pay the applicable price for the IndiGo Add-on purchased by the Member for the said booking.
9.20 Members and their Nominees will enjoy the Tier Benefits (6E Prime and discounts on select 6E Add-ons) of the current Tier as of the date and not of the previous Tier.
9.21 A Member has to login to his/her IndiGo BluChip Membership Account on the IndiGo Website/ Indigo Mobile App and initiate the booking of 6E Flights to be able to access and utilize the Tier Benefits (6E Prime and discounts on select 6E Add-ons) for that booking, either for self or Nominee. Tier Benefits will not be available for utilization for 6E Flight bookings on the IndiGo Website/ IndiGo App where the journey is being undertaken as an anonymous user despite the Member entering the Membership ID at the time of booking.
9.22 Tier Benefit of 6E Prime cannot be used in modification journey for Revenue Flights and Redemption flights. However, complimentary Tier Benefit of discounts on select 6E Add-ons will be available for both Revenue Flights and Redemption flight.
9.23 Tier Benefits (6E Prime and discounts on select 6E Add-ons) can be utilized by the Member only by logging into his/ her IndiGo BluChip Account.
9.24 Tier Benefits (6E Prime and discounts on select 6E Add-ons) cannot be not utilized by a Member once they are at the airport, or at the time of check-in, or at the boarding gate or inflight.
9.25 Tier Benefits (6E Prime and discounts on select 6E Add-ons) are applicable only on flights marketed and operated by IndiGo (6E Flights) unless specified otherwise.
9.26 Tier Benefits (6E Prime and discounts on select 6E Add-ons) can be utilized only for the 6E Flight bookings made on the IndiGo Website / IndiGo Mobile App.
9.27 Tier benefits (6E Prime and discounts on select 6E Add-ons) cannot be utilized for flights booked on any third-party websites or through any travel agent/s or against corporate or SME login access or through any other channel.
9.28 Tier Benefits (Tier Bonus IndiGo BluChips, 6E Prime and discounts on select 6E Add-ons) are valid until the Tier Validity Period. Tier Benefits (6E Prime and discounts on select 6E Add-ons) can be utilized only on 6E Flights and only when the booking and travel are within the Tier Validity Period.
9.29 Tier Benefits (Tier Bonus IndiGo BluChips, 6E Prime and discounts on select 6E Add-ons) have no monetary value and cannot be exchanged for cash or any other form of payment tender or any other consideration.
9.30 Tier Benefits (Tier Bonus IndiGo BluChips, 6E Prime and discounts on select 6E Add-ons) cannot be transferred to another Member, Nominee of the Member or any other person.
9.31 Tier Benefits can be availed only by the Member themself and/or their Nominee.
9.32 Tier Benefits can be availed by the Member for self and/or their Nominee for 6E Flights which are Revenue Flights or where IndiGo BluChips have been redeemed.
9.33 Utilization of Tier Benefits (6E Prime and select 6E Add-ons) on 6E Flights will be as per the terms and conditions of usage for 6E Prime and the select 6E Add-ons as defined by IndiGo.

## 10. Earning of IndiGo BluChips


### On IndiGo (6E Flights / 6E Codeshare Flights):

10.1 IndiGo BluChips can only be accrued for a Qualifying Charge made by a Member on:
10.2 the Base Fare of any 6E Flights or 6E Codeshare Flights after adjusting for any discounts available at the time of the booking and excluding taxes and other statutory levies, as per the Terms and Conditions of the Program.
10.3 purchase of select 6E Add-ons such as Fast Forward, Seat Select, Pre-book Excess Baggage Allowance, and after adjusting for any discounts available at the time of the booking and excluding taxes and other statutory levies, as per the Terms and Conditions of the Program.
10.4 For 6E Flights / 6E Codeshare Flights, whether the flights be direct flights or connecting flights, that require changing to another flight number, the IndiGo BluChips earned shall be calculated for the total Base Fare paid by the Member for each Sector within the trip.
10.5 IndiGo BluChips accrued on 6E Flights, 6E Codeshare Flights, and on select 6E Add-ons will be calculated basis the Qualifying Charge towards Base Fare and the value of select 6E Add-on, and will be further differentiated on the basis of the channel of booking (through IndiGo Website or IndiGo Mobile App, through third party websites, travel agents, corporate logins, or SME logins, etc.), and the Member’s Tier as at the time of flight’s departure irrespective of the Member’s Tier at the time of the booking of the flight. IndiGo BluChips accrual may vary for 6E Flights or 6E Codeshare Flights from time to time as per the Terms and Conditions, and as updated on IndiGo Website / IndiGo Mobile App.
10.6 The accrual structure of IndiGo BluChips may vary as per the transaction made by the Member for the Accrual Activities. IndiGo reserves the right to update the accrual structure from time to time.
10.7 IndiGo BluChips can be accrued only for those 6E Flights or 6E Codeshare Flights which are scheduled Revenue Flights. No IndiGo BluChips will be earned for tickets booked on charter flights or group bookings.
10.8 IndiGo BluChips cannot be earned on select 6E Add-ons on 6E Codeshare Flights.
10.9 IndiGo BluChips cannot be earned on select 6E Add-ons where there has been Redemption of IndiGo BluChips for booking 6E Flights or 6E Codeshare Flights.
10.10 A Member shall not be eligible to earn any IndiGo BluChips on the fee paid towards the 6E Fare Hold feature on 6E Flights or 6E Codeshare Flights bookings. IndiGo BluChips will only be earned when the following criteria is met:
10.11 Upon making full payment for the booking of the 6E Flight or 6E Codeshare Flight, and
10.12 When the flight status changes to ‘flown’
10.13 IndiGo BluChips balance shall include the IndiGo BluChips accumulated by a Member into his/ her IndiGo BluChip Membership Account for flying on any 6E Flight, 6E Codeshare Flight, and the IndiGo BluChips accumulated for undertaking any Qualifying Charges or Spends on select 6E Add-ons on any 6E Flight (Fast forward, Pre-book of Excess Baggage and Seat Select).
10.14 To accumulate IndiGo BluChips on 6E Flights or 6E Codeshare Flights, the Member must quote his/her Membership ID at the time of making a booking on the IndiGo Website/IndiGo Mobile App, on third party websites, with travel agents, during their booking on the corporate login or SME login available on IndiGo Website / IndiGo Mobile App, or any other channel, or at the time of online check-in or manual check-in at the airport, or making any ancillary purchase. If the Membership ID is not provided or is incorrect at the time of booking, the Member can update the correct Membership ID by visiting the IndiGo Website or IndiGo Mobile App (pre-travel) and/or by Retro Claim (post-travel) within 90 (Ninety) days of the travel.
10.15 Failure to give complete/correct information may result in the IndiGo BluChips due for that activity not being credited to the Member's IndiGo BluChip Membership Account and the Member not receiving certain service benefits associated with their Tier status.
10.16 IndiGo BluChips will be auto-credited to the Member's IndiGo BluChip Account within 1 (One) Business Day of the flight date if the Membership ID is mentioned at the time of booking or check-in.
10.17 IndiGo BluChips cannot be transferred between IndiGo BluChip Membership Accounts.
10.18 Award Flights do not qualify for IndiGo BluChips, and the Members are required to check for any restrictions at the time of booking.
10.19 IndiGo BluChips will not be awarded where the flight booked is cancelled or rerouted due to any reason beyond IndiGo's control, including, but not limited to, weather delays.
10.20 The Member is responsible for checking that the IndiGo BluChips and transactions have been properly credited. Members can check their IndiGo BluChips statement by logging into their IndiGo BluChip Membership Account. IndiGo BluChips related to a 6E Flight or 6E Codeshare Flight will be credited to the Member’s account after travel completion (flown basis) and where the booking status in the PNR reflects as Boarded, and not after booking or after check-in. The Member will earn IndiGo BluChips only towards their own travel for 6E Flights or 6E Codeshare Flights and only for select 6E Add-ons booked for themselves and not towards the travel by a Nominee or any other passenger or for select 6E Add-ons purchased for Nominees or other passengers even if the payment for bookings of Nominee or other passengers has been made by the Member.
10.21 A Member cannot attempt to accrue IndiGo BluChips for a flight that has accrued points/miles with any other frequent flyer program. However, in case of any such attempts, IndiGo retains the right to reverse the earned IndiGo BluChips in its sole discretion.
10.22 All activities that are not tracked automatically at the time of travel may be credited later at IndiGo’s discretion.
10.23 Members must keep the original travel ticket and boarding pass to claim missing IndiGo BluChips until the appropriate flights are reflected in their account statements.
10.24 If there is any dispute about the accrual of IndiGo BluChips, IndiGo may require proof of travel, including the boarding pass.
10.25 Bonus IndiGo BluChips accumulated from promotions will be credited at the end of the promotion period or as per the terms and conditions as may be prescribed under the respective promotions.
10.26 Members can also be awarded IndiGo BluChips for non-transactional activities, which include goodwill IndiGo BluChips as well as Bonus IndiGo BluChips. Bonus IndiGo BluChips would be communicated from time to time through means of communication as decided by IndiGo. Additional IndiGo BluChips may be earned by a Member on any new offer or exclusive privilege that may be extended by the IndiGo BluChip Program and as may be communicated by the Program on the IndiGo Website/ Indigo Mobile App from time to time.
10.27 IndiGo BluChips can only be earned once per Sector for each Member, regardless of the number of seats purchased by the Member.

### IndiGo BluChips on bookings made from third-party websites:

10.28 Bookings for 6E Flights or 6E Codeshare Flights made on third-party websites, travel agents, by corporate login or SME login on IndiGo Website / IndiGo Mobile App or any other channel are eligible for Accrual Activity and for earning of Base IndiGo BluChips and Tier Bonus IndiGo BluChips as long as the correct Membership ID is provided while making such bookings.
10.29 When booking from a third-party website, through travel agents, by corporate login or SME login available on IndiGo Website / IndiGo Mobile App or any other channel, Members will not accrue the Channel Bonus IndiGo BluChips even if such bookings are made through the IndiGo Website/ IndiGo Mobile App.
10.30 Member will not earn IndiGo BluChips towards purchase of select 6E Add-ons if the original booking source is a third-party website, if it is facilitated by travel agents, by corporate login or SME login available on IndiGo Website / IndiGo Mobile App or any other channel.

### IndiGo BluChips on 6E Codeshare Flights:

10.31 Members can accrue IndiGo BluChips by booking 6E Codeshare Flights in the same manner as booking a 6E Flight, including accrual of applicable Base IndiGo BluChips, Tier Bonus IndiGo BluChips, Channel Bonus IndiGo BluChips, in accordance with the Terms and Conditions as updated from time to time on IndiGo Website / IndiGo Mobile App.
10.32 6E Codeshare Flights are eligible for accrual of Spends for Qualifying Flights in the same manner as booking a 6E Flight.
10.33 A 6E Codeshare partner may change any of the terms and conditions of their business at any time without notice to the IndiGo BluChip Member. IndiGo is not responsible for informing the Member of any such changes. IndiGo has no liability for the acts and omissions of the 6E Codeshare partner.
10.34 IndiGo BluChips cannot be earned for any 6E Add-ons on 6E Codeshare Flights.

### On IndiGo BluChip Program Partners:

10.35 Members can earn IndiGo BluChips on services offered by Program Partners including but not limited to financial partners, co-brand card partners, retail partners, hotel partners, etc. in the manner as outlined in the Terms and Conditions and as updated by the IndiGo BluChip Program on the IndiGo Website / IndiGo Mobile App from time to time.
10.36 Members will earn IndiGo BluChips for activities defined as Accrual Activities and/or Qualifying Charges under each type of partnership as communicated/ amended from time to time by IndiGo or the Program Partner and as updated by the IndiGo BluChip Program on IndiGo Website / IndiGo Mobile App.
10.37 Accrual of IndiGo BluChips and the conditions governing such accruals will vary from Program Partner to Program Partner and will be communicated/ amended from time to time by IndiGo or the Program Partner and will be updated by the IndiGo BluChip Program on IndiGo Website / IndiGo Mobile App. Members are advised to reference these details before undertaking activities with the Program Partners.
10.38 Members will be required to quote their IndiGo BluChip Membership No. to accrue IndiGo BluChips for their transactions with Program Partners.
10.39 Members will accrue IndiGo BluChips upon the completion of the Accrual Activity and basis the information provided by the Program Partner for credit of IndiGo BluChips in the Member’s IndiGo BluChip Account.
10.40 Members can also be awarded IndiGo BluChips for non-transactional activities, which include goodwill IndiGo BluChips as well as Bonus IndiGo BluChips. Bonus IndiGo BluChips would be communicated from time to time through means of communication as decided by the Program Partner. Additional IndiGo BluChips may be earned by a Member on any new offer or exclusive privilege that may be extended by the Program Partner and as may be communicated by the Program Partner on the IndiGo Website/ Indigo Mobile App from time to time.
10.41 IndiGo BluChips shall be credited to a Member’s IndiGo BluChip Account daily, bi-monthly, monthly or quarterly subject to confirmation from the Program Partner.

### Retro Claim:

10.42 Retro Claim refers to the ability for a Member to claim credit for his/her Accrual Activity on 6E Flights, 6E Codeshare Flights for Spends on Qualifying Flights or towards purchase of select 6E Add-ons or for transactions with Program Partners as per the Terms and Conditions of the Program and each program partnership.
10.43 Retro Claim may or may not be eligible for accrual of Bonus IndiGo BluChips either on transactions with IndiGo or with Program Partners.
10.44 For 6E Flights or 6E Codeshare Flights, where IndiGo BluChips may not have accrued, an IndiGo BluChip Program Member can claim retrospective credit for IndiGo BluChips for any past 6E Flights or 6E Codeshare Flights at after the completion of the flight and within 90 (Ninety) days from the date of travel (“Retro Claim”).
10.45 For 6E Flights or 6E Codeshare Flights, Members can also claim retrospective credit for flights undertaken by them prior to their enrolment into the IndiGo BluChip Program as long as such flights are within 90 (Ninety) days of their date of enrolment into IndiGo BluChip Program.
10.46 Retro Claim is not applicable for Award flights on IndiGo or any flight as excluded by IndiGo from time to time.
10.47 Retro Claim on Program Partner could vary across Program Partners and such information will be updated on each Program Partner’s page available on the IndiGo Website / IndiGo Mobile App.

### Cancellation/Modification of 6E Flight or 6E Codeshare Flight:

10.48 Where a Member has utilized any 6E Prime benefit while making a booking on 6E Flight and if such booking is subsequently cancelled/modified to another date, the 6E Prime benefit will be either reinstated back to the Member’s IndiGo BluChip Account or carried forward to the changed trip (if the new date is within the benefit’s and Tier’s validity period and as explicitly stated in the conditions governing the use of Tier Benefits).
10.49 For instance, the booking date for a flight is 14th June 2024, the travel date is 10th July 2024, and a voucher with a validity date of 31st July 2024 is utilized. If the Member cancels the booking any time before the travel date, the voucher will be refunded with the original voucher validity date of 31st July 2024.
10.50 Any IndiGo BluChips that would have been shown as ‘Promised IndiGo BluChips’ on the cancelled 6E Flight or 6E Codeshare Flight booking before its cancellation will no longer be credited to the Member’s IndiGo BluChip Account.
10.51 If IndiGo or its IndiGo BluChip Program Partners discover that IndiGo BluChips or benefits have been credited and/or issued in violation of the Terms and Conditions, IndiGo shall have the right to cancel such rewards or benefits.
10.52 IndiGo may, in its sole discretion, deduct from and/or credit to a Member’s IndiGo BluChip Account any amount of IndiGo BluChips, Tier Benefits, or rewards for the purpose of correcting any errors or inaccuracies in the account’s activity and transactions.
10.53 The manner of earning IndiGo BluChips is subject to change from time to time at IndiGo’s sole discretion. Such changes will be communicated through the IndiGo Website or any other means of communication as may be decided by IndiGo in its sole discretion.
10.54 Member should write to IndiGo BluChip support team at customer.experience@goindigo.in. immediately in case of any discrepancies regarding IndiGo BluChips.
10.55 The following tickets on 6E Flights or 6E Codeshare Flights are not eligible for accrual for IndiGo BluChips:
10.56 Redemption tickets booked using IndiGo BluChips, whether in full or part thereof,
10.57 Industry discount tickets,
10.58 Chartered 6E Flights,
10.59 In addition, some fares or tickets, at the discretion of IndiGo, may be excluded from the eligibility for accrual of IndiGo BluChips, and
10.60 Travel on any staff ticket.

## 11. Validity of IndiGo BluChips

11.1 All IndiGo BluChips have a validity of 24 (Twenty-Four) months from the date of their accrual.
11.2 All IndiGo BluChip Accounts will be reviewed at the end of each calendar month (IndiGo BluChips Validity Review Date) for ascertaining the validity of IndiGo BluChips balance.
11.3 At the end of every calendar month, each Membership Account will be reviewed, and subject to this Clause 11, as long as the Membership Account reflects at least one Accrual Activity (where IndiGo BluChips are credited after completion of such an Accrual Activity), or an Award/Redemption Activity undertaken by the Member (not including cancelled Award/Redemption Activity), in the preceding 24-month period from the last IndiGo BluChips Validity Review Date, the IndiGo BluChips accrued in the Membership Account will continue to remain valid and available for redemption. For instance, the last transaction made by a Member was on 15th October 2024. These IndiGo BluChips will be reviewed at the end of each calendar month. If the current month for review is September 2026, the IndiGo BluChips accumulated in the Member’s IndiGo BluChip Account shall remain valid if the Member has performed at least 1 Accrual Activity or Award/Redemption Activity in the preceding 24 months from the current month of review (i.e., between October 1, 2024 to September 30, 2026). Since the last Accrual Activity or Award/Redemption Activity made by the Member falls within this 24-month period, the IndiGo BluChips shall remain valid for another 30 (Thirty) calendar days. This process shall repeat itself the following month.
11.4 For the purposes of Clause 11, for an Accrual Activity or an Award/Redemption to be considered, the activity must be completed, and the corresponding IndiGo BluChips must be either credited in or debited from the IndiGo BluChip Account at the time of review. Cancelled Accrual Activity or Award/Redemption Activity or accrual of IndiGo BluChips on account of a goodwill credit into the IndiGo BluChip Account do not qualify as eligible at the time of review.
11.5 Any IndiGo BluChips pursuant to an Accrual Activity that are credited to the IndiGo BluChip Account retrospectively after the expiry of the IndiGo BluChips will not result in reinstatement of the expired IndiGo BluChips. However, such Accrual Activity will be considered as an eligible activity on the subsequent review date for review of the validity of the available balance of IndiGo BluChips as on such review date.
11.6 If an Award activity, which used up any IndiGo BluChips that would have expired on a certain review date, is subsequently cancelled after such review date, all the IndiGo BluChips used for such Award activity will immediately cease to be valid.
11.7 Accrual Activities that are pending or whose status is on hold will not be considered eligible Accrual Activities for the purpose of review of the validity of the available balance of IndiGo BluChips as on such review date.
11.8 Redeposit of IndiGo BluChips, charges towards setting up of any account, penalty charges for cancellation of any Awards will not be considered as eligible activities for the purpose of review of the validity of the available balance of IndiGo BluChips as on such review date.
11.9 Transfer of IndiGo BluChips from one IndiGo BluChip Membership Account to another IndiGo BluChip Membership Account, if permitted under the Terms and Conditions, will not be treated as an eligible Accrual Activity in the recipient IndiGo BluChip Membership Account or as an eligible Award/Redemption Activity for the IndiGo BluChip Membership Account from which IndiGo BluChips have been transferred.
11.10 IndiGo BluChips are valid for 24 calendar months from the date of the last Accrual Activity. Once they have expired, they cannot be reinstated.

## 12. Redemption

12.1 Redemption transactions can be done depending on the availability of IndiGo BluChips in the Member’s IndiGo BluChip Account.
12.2 IndiGo BluChips can be redeemed only at the IndiGo Website or IndiGo Mobile App and only for 6E Flights bookings, subject to the Member providing the required credentials (i.e., logged-in state). IndiGo BluChips can be redeemed only against the fare of the ticket excluding 6E Add-ons, redemption fee, convenience fees and statutory taxes and levies.
12.3 Redemption will be permitted only on flights marketed and operated by IndiGo.
12.4 Redemption is only valid for one-way trips on 6E Flights. Return trips, round trips, and multi-city trips do not qualify for redemption of IndiGo BluChips. Return flights, transfers, and stopovers are not permitted for redemptions on 6E Flights.
12.5 Redemption is not valid for special fares for senior citizens, children, infants, etc. All Redemptions on 6E Flights will be treated as adult bookings.
12.6 Redemption is not valid for the 6E Fare Hold feature.
12.7 Redemption will be available for bookings made for a Nominee who may be an unaccompanied minor. Any further applicable charges for unaccompanied minors will be paid in modes other than IndiGo BluChips.
12.8 The redemption fee and convenience fee applicable per PNR (per passenger, per Sector, as applicable for each type of fee), will be charged separately in the applicable currency and are non-refundable in case of voluntary cancellation.
12.9 Booking/cancellation of Redemption bookings are only allowed on IndiGo Website / IndiGo Mobile App with the Member being logged into the IndiGo BluChip Account. Booking/cancellation for 6E Flights cannot be carried out at airport counters, IndiGo contact centre or any other centers.
12.10 Members cannot split PNR for a Redemption booking where a Member and Nominee/s are booked on same PNR
12.11 Members will not be able to avail their Tier Benefits or purchase any other ancillaries/Add-ons when modifying or checking-in for a Redemption booking.
12.12 No-show for a Redemption 6E Flights will result in complete forfeiture of the IndiGo BluChips redeemed for that 6E Flight.
12.13 No IndiGo BluChips will be earned for Redemptions 6E Flights. Such transactions are not Qualifying Flights to qualify for Tier evaluation.
12.14 All additional fees, taxes and levies shall be collected separately in the applicable currency.
12.15 IndiGo BluChips have no monetary refund value.
12.16 IndiGo BluChip Program Members cannot redeem their accrued IndiGo BluChips against any other ancillary, statutory taxes, fees, levies, or travel insurance products.
12.17 IndiGo shall have the right at its absolute discretion to conclude whether Award Flights/vouchers /IndiGo BluChips/Tier Benefits/privileges issued to Members have been used for a commercial purpose where the Member has gained a monetary benefit, substantiating such conclusion based on all available information, including information gathered from printed and online publications and the mass media, or claims and complaints submitted by passengers, or through results of independent internal audits. Members who breach this rule may also be liable for damages, litigation, and transaction costs including forfeiture of the entire balance of IndiGo BluChips, Tier Benefits, cancellation of all future and unutilized Awards, and cancellation of the IndiGo BluChip Account.

## 13. Partial Redemption

13.1 Members can book any 6E Flight using a combination of Cash and IndiGo BluChips (“Cash + IndiGo BluChips”). The Member must pay at least 10% (ten percent) of the Base Fare with IndiGo BluChips, and this payment must be in denominations that are multiples of 100 (hundred) BluChips. The remaining balance of the Base Fare, along with all applicable taxes, fees, statutory levies, and other charges, must be paid in cash. All Terms and Conditions related to a redemption transaction as specified in Clause 12 (Redemption) apply to a Cash + IndiGo BluChips transaction unless otherwise stated in this Clause 13 (Partial Redemption).
13.2 6E Add-ons can only be purchased in cash while booking 6E Flights using Cash + IndiGo BluChips.
13.3 6E Flights undertaken with a combination of Cash + IndiGo BluChips will not be eligible for accrual of IndiGo BluChips nor will they considered be considered as Qualifying Spends or Qualifying Flights for the purpose of Tier Qualification Criteria.
13.4 The conversion rate for Cash + IndiGo BluChips may vary based on the origin, destination, flight schedule, flight number, date, season, fare, cabin, tier, sales channel, or any combination of these factors.

### Cancellation and/or Modification of Redemption transaction:

13.5 Modifying an Award or Redemption booking on 6E Flights or 6E Codeshare Flights is not permitted.
13.6 Cancellation charges, modification charges, penalties, levies, etc. will be determined by IndiGo from time to time.
13.7 In case of cancellation of a Cash + IndiGo BluChips booking, if the cancellation fee is more than the amount paid in cash, then the difference in the cancellation fee will be charged to IndiGo BluChips. The remaining IndiGo BluChips, if any, will be refunded to the member's IndiGo BluChip Account.
13.8 Refund, if applicable after deducting applicable penalty charges or any other charges, will be first issued in IndiGo BluChips and will be followed by cash refund as applicable. IndiGo BluChips/cash refund will not exceed the original amount paid respectively by the Member.
13.9 Any change in the redemption booking will be made in accordance with Clause 12.8 above.
13.10 Redemption fee and Convenience fee levied on Award bookings are non-refundable.
13.11 IndiGo may prohibit redemption for any Member at its discretion, when required by Applicable Law, or otherwise in accordance with the IndiGo BluChip Program.

## 14. Cabin Upgrade

14.1 Members may opt to upgrade to Stretch cabin on eligible IndiGo flights (domestic/international) (“Cabin Upgrade” or “Upgrade”) where such Cabin Upgrades are available.
14.2 Members can only Upgrade their cabin wherein economy cabin is booked via cash only. Any economy ticket booked via IndiGo BluChips is not eligible for the Cabin Upgrade.
14.3 Members can only Upgrade their cabin via the IndiGo Website or the IndiGo Mobile App.
14.4 Members can only pay for the Upgrades by using either 100% cash or 100% IndiGo BluChips.
14.5 Accrual of IndiGo BluChips under Upgrade will be in the manner as mentioned below:
| Payment mode of Economy cabin | Eligibility for Upgrade | Upgrade Payment Mode | IndiGo BluChip Accrual |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Cash | Yes | Cash | Members will earn IndiGo BluChips on the original economy cabin booking and on the Upgrade fees paid. No IndiGo BluChips will be accrued on the taxes paid. |
| Cash | Yes | IndiGo BluChips | Members will only earn IndiGo BluChips on the original economy cabin booked as per the IndiGo Program Accrual process. No accrual on the Upgrade fees paid using IndiGo BluChips. |
| IndiGo BluChips | Upgrade not available |  |  |
14.6 For all the Upgrades done via cash, Members will not accrue any Channel Bonus IndiGo BluChips. Standard base fare and Tier Bonus IndiGo BluChips earnings are applicable as per Indigo BluChip Program Terms and Conditions.
14.7 Members cannot Upgrade the cabin via IndiGo BluChips if any passenger in the booking is not listed as a Nominee under the IndiGo BluChip Program. In case of cash-based Upgrade, Member is allowed to Upgrade for all passengers in the PNR.
14.8 Members can Upgrade their cabin and update the IndiGo BluChip Membership No. post facto or by doing Retro Claim as set out in the Terms and Conditions.
14.9 Members can avail a Cabin Upgrade for multi-flight and round-trip bookings via cash-based Upgrade only. Standard base fare and Tier Bonus IndiGo BluChips earnings are applicable as per Indigo BluChip Program Terms and Conditions. Same is not allowed for IndiGo BluChips based Upgrade.
14.10 Members can edit booking or perform modifications post Upgrade only for cash-based Upgrade. Same is not allowed for an Upgrade done using IndiGo BluChips. Visit the View/Change bookings option on the homepage of the IndiGo Website or IndiGo Mobile App which has a list of features that allow you to retrieve and re-print your itineraries. You can also process changes/ cancellations to the itinerary and make special service request additions (meals, seat, pre-paid excess baggage etc.) in your booking. You can also update your contact information on this page.
14.11 Members can cancel the ticket post Upgrade via IndiGo BluChips, and refund will be processed as per standard cancellation policy of IndiGo BluChip Program Terms and Conditions.
14.12 Members can Upgrade their cabin for split PNRs via cash-based upgrade and IBC based Upgrade. Standard base fare and Tier Bonus IndiGo BluChips earnings are applicable as per IndiGo BluChip Program Terms and Conditions.
14.13 In the event where Plan B is triggered, then the Plan B Policy will apply.
14.14 Codeshare and group bookings are not eligible for Upgrade.
14.15 6E Add-ons/services can be added post-Upgrade.
14.16 Members will be eligible for the earning of IndiGo BluChips on Upgrade for IndiGo Flights where payment is made via Cash on/and after 31-10-2025 as per defined internal policy.

## 15. NMOVE

15.1 NMOVE fee additionally paid at the airport will not be eligible for accrual of IndiGo BluChips or Spends.
15.2 NMOVE will not be allowed for redemption bookings.

## 16. Audit and Termination

16.1 Membership is a privilege that can be suspended, revoked, or terminated at any time, for any reason at IndiGo’s sole discretion, and without any compensation. Reasons for suspension, revocation, or termination include, but are not limited to:
16.2 a circumstance where a Member engages in a pattern of activity or behavior that, in the reasonable opinion of IndiGo, is intended to circumvent or work around these Terms and Conditions, or the terms and conditions of any IndiGo BluChip Program Partner;
16.3 any abuse by a Member of any of these Terms and Conditions, any additional applicable terms and conditions, or any benefit, privilege, or reward associated with the IndiGo BluChip Program;
16.4 any misrepresentation by a Member to IndiGo, its affiliates, participating partners, or suppliers, or to any entity associated with or participating in the IndiGo BluChip Program;
16.5 any attempt to participate in the IndiGo BluChip Program via script, macro, or other automated means;
16.6 Any act that is contrary to laws and regulations, these Terms and Conditions, the Conditions of Carriage provided by IndiGo, or any public policy;
16.7 Any act that infringes the rights of IndiGo, other Members, or any third party;
16.8 Acquiring or attempting to acquire another Member’s ID, password, or other personal information without obtaining the consent of such Member;
16.9 Pretending to be another Member (including, but not limited to, acts to make bookings for, or use or cancel Award flights by pretending to be another Member);
16.10 Acquiring or attempting to acquire IndiGo BluChips or Award flights dishonestly or unjustly deceiving or attempting to deceive the redemption process of the IndiGo BluChips;
16.11 Engaging or attempting to engage in any act using violence, coercion, insults, or significantly intimidating or threatening behavior towards the employees or staff of IndiGo. IndiGo reserves the right to cancel the Membership of a Member who violates the preceding line. The Member’s publications contain false information and/or information discrediting the business or reputation of IndiGo BluChips on the internet, social media and/or published news sources;
16.12 Disparage, tarnish, or otherwise harm, in IndiGo’s opinion, IndiGo, IndiGo’s reputation or goodwill and/or the Program or the Platform;
16.13 Commitment by the Member of actions against employees of IndiGo, both in person or by means of feedback and publications on the internet, social media and/or published news sources aimed at denigrating the honor and dignity of a person, expressed in an indecent form or a negative assessment of the person’s personality or appearance, his/her personal qualities, behavior in a form contrary to the generally accepted rules of conduct.
16.14 If Members are asked by IndiGo to cooperate in such an investigation, they shall reasonably comply with such requests. In addition, until the matter is resolved (including the period until the cancellation of Membership is determined), IndiGo may, without providing any notice to the Member, suspend the accrual of IndiGo BluChips, the redemption of Award flights, and other associated rewards through the account of such Member. Furthermore, Members may be required to return any co-branded financial cards to the card issuer. In the event that the Members continue to hold a co-branded financial card, they will not be entitled to receive any IndiGo BluChips or services.
16.15 IndiGo also retains absolute discretion in withdrawing any IndiGo BluChips in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
16.16 If an airline puts a Member on a 'no-fly list,' IndiGo BluChip Program privileges will not be valid during that period.
16.17 IndiGo reserves the right to withdraw membership if it is brought to its knowledge that a Member has participated in or has commissioned any misconduct, which may include but shall not be limited to:
16.18 Failure to comply with these Terms and Conditions and/or IndiGo's Conditions of Carriage appearing on the IndiGo website ("Conditions of Carriage");
16.19 Misuse of the services and/or benefits which are available to Members from time to time; or
16.20 The use of threatening, abusive, or insulting language or behaving in a threatening, abusive, or insulting manner when dealing with any of IndiGo's staff members or its agents or staff members of participating companies or IndiGo BluChip Program Partners.
16.21 Any booking made by a Member using his/her IndiGo BluChips (an Award flight) either before or after the date of breach will be subject to review. Where any Award flight booking has been made using IndiGo BluChips obtained Fraudulently or otherwise in breach of these Terms and Conditions, IndiGo reserves the right to cancel such booking.
16.22 Upon the discovery of any breach of the Terms and Conditions, as an alternative to termination of Membership, IndiGo may (at its sole discretion) impose reasonable conditions on any future booking of Award flights by such Member(s). Such conditions may include, without limitation, the deduction of IndiGo BluChips, the deduction of accumulated Spends, and/or the downgrading of the Tier of the Member.
16.23 Membership enrolment and eligibility, accumulating IndiGo BluChips, award travel, availability of awards, and redemption are subject to the Terms and Conditions and are subject to any Applicable Laws and regulations, including those of the International Air Transport Association (IATA) and the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO), as applicable. IndiGo may change, add to, modify, or withdraw at any time without giving notice, such as Terms and Conditions, any benefits provided in connection with IndiGo BluChips, and any special offers or promotional offers made to any Tier or group of Members.
16.24 IndiGo and its IndiGo BluChip Program Partners reserve the right to change rules, regulations, Award travel and special offers at any time without notice and without assigning any reason.
16.25 If a Member cancels his/her Membership or his/her Membership is terminated in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, any IndiGo BluChips that have not been redeemed will automatically expire and will not be redeemable from the date of such cancellation/termination of Membership.
16.26 Upon the death of a Member, the IndiGo BluChip Account will be closed. IndiGo BluChips earned but not redeemed at the time of death, as well as benefits and privileges, will be automatically forfeited on the death of the Member. However, the Member's legal heir, upon production of relevant documents, can redeem the IndiGo BluChips available in the deceased's IndiGo BluChip Account till such time that they are valid for redemption.
16.27 If the Membership is suspended, any IndiGo BluChips accrued shall also be suspended. If the Member is permanently excluded from Membership or has his/her Membership terminated in IndiGo, any IndiGo BluChips accrued shall be revoked and forfeited without entitlement to any compensation. In the event a Member is suspended or permanently excluded, or the Membership is terminated, the Member shall be liable for all the Losses.
16.28 IndiGo may, in addition to its other rights and remedies in these Terms and Conditions, at any time and in its sole discretion, take one or more of the following actions: (i) freeze the Account of any Member while IndiGo investigates suspected activity on the part of that Member; and (ii) refuse to credit the Account of any Member, or debit the Account of any Member, including reversal of IndiGo BluChips previously credited.
16.29 IndiGo reserves the right to restrict or refuse Membership in the IndiGo BluChip Program for any reason, in its sole discretion, including if a Member does not meet the requirements outlined in these Terms and Conditions, if Members are suspected of Fraud or illicit conduct or have had IndiGo BluChip Program Membership previously revoked or terminated by IndiGo.
16.30 Termination of a Member’s IndiGo BluChip Account will result in the loss of all the privileges and/or benefits a Member is entitled to under IndiGo BluChip Program, including, but not limited to, revocation of Award flights, revocation of accrued points, cancellation of unused tickets acquired by redeeming IndiGo BluChips or vouchers and loss of Tier status and the benefits accompanying the lost Tier status.
16.31 A Member whose account has been terminated will not be eligible to create a new IndiGo BluChip Account except at the sole discretion of IndiGo.
16.32 During an audit or investigation, a Member’s account information may be shared with any third party with whom IndiGo has contracted to assist in performing such an audit or investigation.
16.33 In the event that an audit or investigation reveals discrepancies or possible violations of these Terms and Conditions, IndiGo may, without notice to the Member and in addition to any other remedies described herein or otherwise available, (i) delay the processing of award redemption requests, (ii) cancel any outstanding award redemptions, (iii) withdraw all IndiGo BluChips wrongfully accrued (whether by mistake, Fraud, discrepancy and/or by violation of the Terms and Conditions), (iv) withhold statements and/or suspend the account of a Member and (v) terminate a Member’s Membership.
16.34 In accordance with IndiGo’s policies and it’s duty to protect its Members, for IndiGo to process requests for changes to a Member’s account, the Member must contact IndiGo from the email registered in the IndiGo BluChip Account and prove their identity and ownership of the required information by means of a legally recognized document. For audit-related inquiries, account suspension, or cancellation, IndiGo may contact the Member to request additional information or documents. Members must send an application using the email address that they have registered with IndiGo BluChip Program. As an additional measure, the Members must also attach a scanned version of their passport, driver's license, Aadhaar card, or any other Government issued identity document. In addition, if a Member opts to cancel their IndiGo BluChip Account, Members must take into consideration that:
16.35 Members will not be able to rejoin the Program using the same email address.
16.36 Members will lose all the IndiGo BluChips that have accumulated.
16.37 Members will not receive emails referring to news and promotions of the program.

## 17. Privacy of Data

17.1 By using/quoting his/her Membership ID to IndiGo and/or any IndiGo BluChip Program Partners, a Member consents to IndiGo processing, maintaining and updating data that is personal to the Member. Such data includes Membership data like name, address, telephone number, date of birth, seat preferences, etc., travel data (including, without limitation, flights taken, IndiGo BluChips accumulated, and class of travel flown), and data concerning contacts with IndiGo (including without limitation, enquiries regarding Membership) and such data will be maintained and updated for the purpose of providing relevant information and services to the Member. Data will also include data received from IndiGo BluChip Program Partners about IndiGo BluChips earned by Members as a result of using services provided by IndiGo BluChip Program Partners.
17.2 Before IndiGo discloses any data relating to a Member to that Member, the Member may be asked security questions, which may require him/her to confirm his / her identity by providing information held by IndiGo.
17.3 Members are responsible for the security of their IndiGo BluChip ID/details, login ID, and passwords and shall ensure that their IndiGo BluChip ID/details, login ID, and passwords are not disclosed by them, whether intentionally or not, to allow a third person to access their IndiGo BluChip Account and to make any transactions. In the event a Member suspects or becomes aware of any unauthorised use of his/her account or that his/her password is no longer secure, such Member must notify IndiGo in writing immediately on the IndiGo customer care email ID.
17.4 In an effort to provide valuable offers to Members, IndiGo develops mailing lists for use by themselves and their IndiGo BluChip Program Partners. These lists are based on information provided by the Member at the time of enrolment. These lists are developed under strict conditions designed to safeguard the privacy of Member's information. Members will be contacted on their email address / mobile number /landline phone numbers registered in the IndiGo BluChip Account, based on their consent given at the time of enrolment or updated later on the IndiGo Website/ IndiGo Mobile App. If a Member does not wish to receive these offers, he/she may request in writing to have his/ her name removed from the said mailing lists by contacting the IndiGo BluChip customer care portal. In the event any Member visits any third-party website (s), including the IndiGo BluChip Program Partner website(s) pursuant to mails received under this provision or any third-party links provided on the IndiGo webpage and submits their information to any of those sites, the usage of such information will be governed by their respective website usage terms including privacy policies. Members must carefully read the privacy policy of any such website they visit, and IndiGo will not be responsible for the same in any manner whatsoever.
17.5 As part of providing value-added services to the Members, IndiGo, in collaboration with its IndiGo BluChip Program Partners, reserves the right to send special offers/products to the Members based on their profile as recorded in their IndiGo BluChip Account.
17.6 Consent to receive such offers will be deemed as given until such time that the Member withdraws consent to receive mailers and offers from IndiGo and its various IndiGo BluChip Program Partners by opting out of the relevant preference, either by writing to IndiGo on the IndiGo customer care email ID. Withdrawal of consent may mean that certain services may no longer be provided to the Member.
17.7 Any and all information in a Member's IndiGo BluChip Account may be disclosed as required by Applicable Law, including disclosures to the police, immigration, and customs authorities.
17.8 In order to maintain Membership, IndiGo needs to collect, use, and disclose the personal data of each Member in order to fulfill the following purposes:
17.9 To provide Members with Membership status updates and other account-related information;
17.10 To facilitate Membership-related transactions and services;
17.11 To market and communicate to Members about IndiGo, IndiGo BluChip Program, IndiGo BluChip Program Partners and IndiGo BluChip promotions, contests, events, and lucky draws, including those conducted by IndiGo BluChip Program Partners; and
17.12 To contact Members about product or Member-related surveys and market research;
17.13 IndiGo shall protect and use all data relating to the IndiGo BluChip Members in the manner indicated in its Privacy Policy.
17.14 In connection with the above, some of the Members' personal data may be disclosed to IndiGo’s suppliers, service providers, and other partner companies in the IndiGo BluChip Program for Membership and flight booking-related purposes and to provide the requisite service to the Members. The data collected will be used for direct marketing purposes by only IndiGo and only if Members have given prior consent to IndiGo to receive such marketing materials. Members who have given consent can subsequently request IndiGo not to use their personal data for such marketing purposes by submitting a request in writing via IndiGo’s online feedback form or by logging onto goindigo.in to update their communication preferences.
17.15 During the course of an audit or investigation, to ascertain conformity of the IndiGo BluChip Terms and Conditions, a Member’s account information may be shared with a third party who IndiGo has contracted to assist in performing such audit or investigation.

## 18. Limitation of Liability

18.1 IndiGo, and/or IndiGo BluChip Program Partners shall not be liable to any Member or his/her Nominee or a companion or any person deriving rights through the Members in IndiGo BluChip Program Membership in accordance with these Terms and Conditions for any Losses, arising out of or in connection with the IndiGo BluChip Program and/or the provision or the refusal to provide any benefits, whether such Loss is caused by the negligence or otherwise, and whether or not IndiGo and/or its IndiGo BluChip Program Partners would have any control over the circumstances giving rise to the claim.
18.2 IndiGo will endeavor to ensure the availability of services provided by IndiGo and IndiGo BluChip Program Partners to the Members, but it does not warrant the same in any manner and will not be liable for any loss arising from the failure by IndiGo or any other IndiGo BluChip Program Partners to provide the said services.
18.3 Reasonable care has been taken to ensure that information contained in the Terms and Conditions and in any publications and advertisements in connection with IndiGo BluChip Program is accurate, but IndiGo will not accept any liability with respect to any errors or omissions in any information, whether written or verbal.

## 19. Indemnity

19.1 The Member shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Indemnified Parties from and against any and all Losses that the Indemnified Parties may at any time incur, sustain, suffer or be subjected to as a consequence of, or arising out of, any of the following: (i) misuse by the Member of the IndiGo BluChip Program services, (ii) improper or fraudulent information provided by the Member; or (iii) incorrect details or details that belong to an unrelated third party, provided by the Member, or (iv) breach of these Terms and Conditions

## 20. Miscellaneous


### Governing Law & Dispute Resolution

20.1 These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Indian law.
20.2 IndiGo and the Member submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of New Delhi to resolve any disputes that may arise between them with regard to these Terms and Conditions, including in relation to the validity, interpretation, implementation or alleged breach of these Terms and Conditions.
20.3 All disputes arising under the Terms and Conditions shall be attempted to be resolved through negotiations. Only if such negotiations are unsuccessful shall the Member resort to other legal recourses.

### Severability

20.4 Any part of these Terms and Conditions that is unenforceable for any reason shall not be given any effect, and the remainder of these Terms and Conditions shall not be affected in any way. IndiGo BluChip or IndiGo shall not be required to provide any service or otherwise act in pursuance of these Terms and Conditions if to do so would be contrary to law.
20.5 IndiGo shall have the right to transfer, assign, and sell the Program in whole or in part to any third party of its choice without reference or intimation to the IndiGo BluChip Members.
